/home/z/my-project/grand_prize_extracted.txt:225:The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/grand_prize_extracted.txt:995:Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/grand_prize_extracted.txt:1230:DenialDefender is an event-driven multi-agent system deployed entirely on Google Cloud. The architecture has six logical tiers: (1) frontend (Next.js PWA + Firebase Hosting), (2) API gateway (Cloud Run service exposing REST + WebSocket), (3) agent orchestration (ADK 2.0 on Cloud Run, with all 8 agents registered in GEAP Agent Registry and running on GEAP Agent Runtime), (4) memory tier (Firestore for session/case state, Cloud SQL pgvector for payer policy + outcome embeddings, GEAP Memory Bank for cross-session procedural memory), (5) event bus (Pub/Sub topics for inter-agent events and deadline triggers), (6) governance tier (GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent credentials, Agent Gateway for egress policy, Model Armor for prompt-injection and PII filtering, Agent Observability for OpenTelemetry traces feeding the reasoning-trace UI).
/home/z/my-project/grand_prize_extracted.txt:1726:  - GEAP Agent Registry: all 8 agents registered, discoverable
/home/z/my-project/grand_prize_extracted.txt:2648:GEAP's seven components are each demonstrated by a specific DenialDefender feature, not check-boxed. Agent Registry is showcased by the 8-agent fleet registration — a judge can see all 8 agents in the Registry UI. Agent Runtime is showcased by the Deadline Tracker Agent's multi-day execution (a single case's deadline pipeline runs across days and weeks, surviving Cloud Run cold starts via Runtime's persistent execution). Memory Bank is showcased by the procedural memory of per-payer appeal letter templates — the system retrieves the right template for UnitedHealth vs Aetna without re-prompting. Agent Identity is showcased by per-agent scoped credentials (the Policy Research Agent can read the policy corpus; the Letter Drafting Agent cannot). Agent Gateway is showcased by egress policy on the (post-hackathon) payer portal integration — the Gateway enforces which agents can call which external endpoints. Model Armor is showcased by prompt-injection filtering on denial letter inputs (the highest-risk attack vector in the system, Section 27). Agent Observability is showcased by the reasoning-trace UI substrate — the SurgAgent differentiator [C-5] made infrastructural. Each component has a story a Google sales rep can tell.
/home/z/my-project/grand_prize_extracted.txt:2652:A Google case study for DenialDefender would have four sections. Section 1 — The Problem: "1 in 7 insured Americans face medical claim denials annually; appeals require expertise patients and most billing specialists lack; the cost of inaction is billions in unpaid claims and delayed care." Section 2 — The Solution: "DenialDefender is an 8-agent fleet built on Google's Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform, deployed on Cloud Run with Firestore and Cloud SQL pgvector, that turns denial letters into citation-backed appeal letters in 90 seconds." Section 3 — The Google Stack: "Gemini 3.5 Flash powers multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning. ADK 2.0 orchestrates 8 agents with Sequential, Parallel, Loop, and Collaborative workflows. GEAP provides Agent Registry, Runtime, Memory Bank, Identity, Gateway, Model Armor, and Observability — each used in production, not check-boxed. Cloud Run, Firestore, Cloud SQL pgvector, and Pub/Sub form the event-driven substrate. Gemma, Veo, and Lyria each contribute distinct value." Section 4 — The Results: "DenialDefender's 90-second wow moment demonstrates that GEAP is production-grade. The Outcome Learning Agent's visible weight-delta signal demonstrates that self-evolving agents work in practice. The deterministic fallback path demonstrates that agentic systems can be made demo-reliable." This case study is a Google marketing asset — DenialDefender's job is to be the kind of project Google would want to write this case study about.
/home/z/my-project/grand_prize_extracted.txt:2806:All 7 GEAP components are used. Agent Registry holds the 8 agents. Agent Runtime powers the Deadline Tracker's multi-day execution. Memory Bank stores per-payer appeal letter templates. Agent Identity gives each agent scoped credentials — the Policy Research Agent can read the policy corpus, the Letter Drafting Agent cannot. Agent Gateway enforces egress policy. Model Armor filters prompt injection on denial letter inputs — denial letters are untrusted input, and Model Armor catches injection attempts. Agent Observability feeds the reasoning-trace UI directly via OpenTelemetry spans.
/home/z/my-project/grand_prize_extracted.txt:2977:GEAP provides 7 components that we'd otherwise have to build or skip. Agent Identity gives per-agent scoped credentials (zero-trust security for healthcare). Memory Bank gives persistent cross-session procedural memory (the per-payer appeal letter templates). Agent Observability feeds the reasoning-trace UI directly via OpenTelemetry — this is the SurgAgent differentiator [C-5] made infrastructural. Model Armor filters prompt injection on denial letter inputs — critical for healthcare. Agent Gateway enforces egress policy. Agent Runtime powers the long-running Deadline Tracker. Agent Registry is the fleet discovery mechanism. Each component does a real job; we'd build a worse version of each ourselves. Backup: Section 21.3; Section 37.1.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786737688612_8848e1e2e98d.txt:376:sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime,
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786736614051_ddde94c0f0a8.txt:12:889:Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786736614051_ddde94c0f0a8.txt:42:2849:A Google case study for DenialDefender would have four sections. Section 1 — The Problem: "1 in 7 insured Americans face medical claim denials annually; appeals require expertise patients and most billing specialists lack; the cost of inaction is billions in unpaid claims and delayed care." Section 2 — The Solution: "DenialDefender is an 8-agent fleet built on Google's Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform, deployed on Cloud Run with Firestore and Cloud SQL pgvector, that turns denial letters into citation-backed appeal letters in 90 seconds." Section 3 — The Google Stack: "Gemini 3.5 Flash powers multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning. ADK 2.0 orchestrates 8 agents with Sequential, Parallel, Loop, and Collaborative workflows. GEAP provides Agent Registry, Runtime, Memory Bank, Identity, Gateway, Model Armor, and Observability — each used in production, not check-boxed. Cloud Run, Firestore, Cloud SQL pgvector, and Pub/Sub form the event-driven substrate. Gemma, Veo, and Lyria each contribute distinct value." Section 4 — The Results: "DenialDefender's 90-second wow moment demonstrates that GEAP is production-grade. The Outcome Learning Agent's visible weight-delta signal demonstrates that self-evolving agents work in practice. The deterministic fallback path demonstrates that agentic systems can be made demo-reliable." This case study is a Google marketing asset — DenialDefender's job is to be the kind of project Google would want to write this case study about.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786749990653_839bc148e8c7.txt:225:   225→The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786749990653_839bc148e8c7.txt:995:   995→Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786749990653_839bc148e8c7.txt:1230:  1230→DenialDefender is an event-driven multi-agent system deployed entirely on Google Cloud. The architecture has six logical tiers: (1) frontend (Next.js PWA + Firebase Hosting), (2) API gateway (Cloud Run service exposing REST + WebSocket), (3) agent orchestration (ADK 2.0 on Cloud Run, with all 8 agents registered in GEAP Agent Registry and running on GEAP Agent Runtime), (4) memory tier (Firestore for session/case state, Cloud SQL pgvector for payer policy + outcome embeddings, GEAP Memory Bank for cross-session procedural memory), (5) event bus (Pub/Sub topics for inter-agent events and deadline triggers), (6) governance tier (GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent credentials, Agent Gateway for egress policy, Model Armor for prompt-injection and PII filtering, Agent Observability for OpenTelemetry traces feeding the reasoning-trace UI).
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786749990653_839bc148e8c7.txt:1726:  1726→  - GEAP Agent Registry: all 8 agents registered, discoverable
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786810830136_30f1ff73d8be.txt:141:The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786750002034_fbd151265a27.txt:649:  2648→GEAP's seven components are each demonstrated by a specific DenialDefender feature, not check-boxed. Agent Registry is showcased by the 8-agent fleet registration — a judge can see all 8 agents in the Registry UI. Agent Runtime is showcased by the Deadline Tracker Agent's multi-day execution (a single case's deadline pipeline runs across days and weeks, surviving Cloud Run cold starts via Runtime's persistent execution). Memory Bank is showcased by the procedural memory of per-payer appeal letter templates — the system retrieves the right template for UnitedHealth vs Aetna without re-prompting. Agent Identity is showcased by per-agent scoped credentials (the Policy Research Agent can read the policy corpus; the Letter Drafting Agent cannot). Agent Gateway is showcased by egress policy on the (post-hackathon) payer portal integration — the Gateway enforces which agents can call which external endpoints. Model Armor is showcased by prompt-injection filtering on denial letter inputs (the highest-risk attack vector in the system, Section 27). Agent Observability is showcased by the reasoning-trace UI substrate — the SurgAgent differentiator [C-5] made infrastructural. Each component has a story a Google sales rep can tell.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786750002034_fbd151265a27.txt:653:  2652→A Google case study for DenialDefender would have four sections. Section 1 — The Problem: "1 in 7 insured Americans face medical claim denials annually; appeals require expertise patients and most billing specialists lack; the cost of inaction is billions in unpaid claims and delayed care." Section 2 — The Solution: "DenialDefender is an 8-agent fleet built on Google's Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform, deployed on Cloud Run with Firestore and Cloud SQL pgvector, that turns denial letters into citation-backed appeal letters in 90 seconds." Section 3 — The Google Stack: "Gemini 3.5 Flash powers multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning. ADK 2.0 orchestrates 8 agents with Sequential, Parallel, Loop, and Collaborative workflows. GEAP provides Agent Registry, Runtime, Memory Bank, Identity, Gateway, Model Armor, and Observability — each used in production, not check-boxed. Cloud Run, Firestore, Cloud SQL pgvector, and Pub/Sub form the event-driven substrate. Gemma, Veo, and Lyria each contribute distinct value." Section 4 — The Results: "DenialDefender's 90-second wow moment demonstrates that GEAP is production-grade. The Outcome Learning Agent's visible weight-delta signal demonstrates that self-evolving agents work in practice. The deterministic fallback path demonstrates that agentic systems can be made demo-reliable." This case study is a Google marketing asset — DenialDefender's job is to be the kind of project Google would want to write this case study about.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786750002034_fbd151265a27.txt:807:  2806→All 7 GEAP components are used. Agent Registry holds the 8 agents. Agent Runtime powers the Deadline Tracker's multi-day execution. Memory Bank stores per-payer appeal letter templates. Agent Identity gives each agent scoped credentials — the Policy Research Agent can read the policy corpus, the Letter Drafting Agent cannot. Agent Gateway enforces egress policy. Model Armor filters prompt injection on denial letter inputs — denial letters are untrusted input, and Model Armor catches injection attempts. Agent Observability feeds the reasoning-trace UI directly via OpenTelemetry spans.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786750002034_fbd151265a27.txt:978:  2977→GEAP provides 7 components that we'd otherwise have to build or skip. Agent Identity gives per-agent scoped credentials (zero-trust security for healthcare). Memory Bank gives persistent cross-session procedural memory (the per-payer appeal letter templates). Agent Observability feeds the reasoning-trace UI directly via OpenTelemetry — this is the SurgAgent differentiator [C-5] made infrastructural. Model Armor filters prompt injection on denial letter inputs — critical for healthcare. Agent Gateway enforces egress policy. Agent Runtime powers the long-running Deadline Tracker. Agent Registry is the fleet discovery mechanism. Each component does a real job; we'd build a worse version of each ourselves. Backup: Section 21.3; Section 37.1.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786745903516_009e930881ee.txt:84:[Normal] GEAP's seven components are each demonstrated by a specific DenialDefender feature, not check-boxed. Agent Registry is showcased by the 8-agent fleet registration — a judge can see all 8 agents in the Registry UI. Agent Runtime is showcased by the Deadline Tracker Agent's multi-day execution (a single case's deadline pipeline runs across days and weeks, surviving Cloud Run cold starts via Runtime's persistent execution). Memory Bank is showcased by the procedural memory of per-payer appeal letter templates — the system retrieves the right template for UnitedHealth vs Aetna without re-prompting. Agent Identity is showcased by per-agent scoped credentials (the Policy Research Agent can read the policy corpus; the Letter Drafting Agent cannot). Agent Gateway is showcased by egress policy on the (post-hackathon) payer portal integration — the Gateway enforces which agents can call which external endpoints. Model Armor is showcased by prompt-injection filtering on denial letter inputs (the highest-risk attack vector in the system, Section 27). Agent Observability is showcased by the reasoning-trace UI substrate — the SurgAgent differentiator [C-5] made infrastructural. Each component has a story a Google sales rep can tell.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786745903516_009e930881ee.txt:88:[Normal] A Google case study for DenialDefender would have four sections. Section 1 — The Problem: "1 in 7 insured Americans face medical claim denials annually; appeals require expertise patients and most billing specialists lack; the cost of inaction is billions in unpaid claims and delayed care." Section 2 — The Solution: "DenialDefender is an 8-agent fleet built on Google's Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform, deployed on Cloud Run with Firestore and Cloud SQL pgvector, that turns denial letters into citation-backed appeal letters in 90 seconds." Section 3 — The Google Stack: "Gemini 3.5 Flash powers multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning. ADK 2.0 orchestrates 8 agents with Sequential, Parallel, Loop, and Collaborative workflows. GEAP provides Agent Registry, Runtime, Memory Bank, Identity, Gateway, Model Armor, and Observability — each used in production, not check-boxed. Cloud Run, Firestore, Cloud SQL pgvector, and Pub/Sub form the event-driven substrate. Gemma, Veo, and Lyria each contribute distinct value." Section 4 — The Results: "DenialDefender's 90-second wow moment demonstrates that GEAP is production-grade. The Outcome Learning Agent's visible weight-delta signal demonstrates that self-evolving agents work in practice. The deterministic fallback path demonstrates that agentic systems can be made demo-reliable." This case study is a Google marketing asset — DenialDefender's job is to be the kind of project Google would want to write this case study about.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786745903516_009e930881ee.txt:170:[Normal] All 7 GEAP components are used. Agent Registry holds the 8 agents. Agent Runtime powers the Deadline Tracker's multi-day execution. Memory Bank stores per-payer appeal letter templates. Agent Identity gives each agent scoped credentials — the Policy Research Agent can read the policy corpus, the Letter Drafting Agent cannot. Agent Gateway enforces egress policy. Model Armor filters prompt injection on denial letter inputs — denial letters are untrusted input, and Model Armor catches injection attempts. Agent Observability feeds the reasoning-trace UI directly via OpenTelemetry spans.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786816574327_c361b61d5f1d.txt:225:   225→   225→The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786816574327_c361b61d5f1d.txt:995:   995→   995→Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786816574327_c361b61d5f1d.txt:1230:  1230→  1230→DenialDefender is an event-driven multi-agent system deployed entirely on Google Cloud. The architecture has six logical tiers: (1) frontend (Next.js PWA + Firebase Hosting), (2) API gateway (Cloud Run service exposing REST + WebSocket), (3) agent orchestration (ADK 2.0 on Cloud Run, with all 8 agents registered in GEAP Agent Registry and running on GEAP Agent Runtime), (4) memory tier (Firestore for session/case state, Cloud SQL pgvector for payer policy + outcome embeddings, GEAP Memory Bank for cross-session procedural memory), (5) event bus (Pub/Sub topics for inter-agent events and deadline triggers), (6) governance tier (GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent credentials, Agent Gateway for egress policy, Model Armor for prompt-injection and PII filtering, Agent Observability for OpenTelemetry traces feeding the reasoning-trace UI).
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786816574327_c361b61d5f1d.txt:1726:  1726→  1726→  - GEAP Agent Registry: all 8 agents registered, discoverable
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/grep_1786736599680_92c83c61dd61.txt:12:889:Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/grep_1786736599680_92c83c61dd61.txt:47:2849:A Google case study for DenialDefender would have four sections. Section 1 — The Problem: "1 in 7 insured Americans face medical claim denials annually; appeals require expertise patients and most billing specialists lack; the cost of inaction is billions in unpaid claims and delayed care." Section 2 — The Solution: "DenialDefender is an 8-agent fleet built on Google's Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform, deployed on Cloud Run with Firestore and Cloud SQL pgvector, that turns denial letters into citation-backed appeal letters in 90 seconds." Section 3 — The Google Stack: "Gemini 3.5 Flash powers multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning. ADK 2.0 orchestrates 8 agents with Sequential, Parallel, Loop, and Collaborative workflows. GEAP provides Agent Registry, Runtime, Memory Bank, Identity, Gateway, Model Armor, and Observability — each used in production, not check-boxed. Cloud Run, Firestore, Cloud SQL pgvector, and Pub/Sub form the event-driven substrate. Gemma, Veo, and Lyria each contribute distinct value." Section 4 — The Results: "DenialDefender's 90-second wow moment demonstrates that GEAP is production-grade. The Outcome Learning Agent's visible weight-delta signal demonstrates that self-evolving agents work in practice. The deterministic fallback path demonstrates that agentic systems can be made demo-reliable." This case study is a Google marketing asset — DenialDefender's job is to be the kind of project Google would want to write this case study about.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786736606772_333d81242f8d.txt:12:    12→889:Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786736606772_333d81242f8d.txt:47:    47→2849:A Google case study for DenialDefender would have four sections. Section 1 — The Problem: "1 in 7 insured Americans face medical claim denials annually; appeals require expertise patients and most billing specialists lack; the cost of inaction is billions in unpaid claims and delayed care." Section 2 — The Solution: "DenialDefender is an 8-agent fleet built on Google's Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform, deployed on Cloud Run with Firestore and Cloud SQL pgvector, that turns denial letters into citation-backed appeal letters in 90 seconds." Section 3 — The Google Stack: "Gemini 3.5 Flash powers multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning. ADK 2.0 orchestrates 8 agents with Sequential, Parallel, Loop, and Collaborative workflows. GEAP provides Agent Registry, Runtime, Memory Bank, Identity, Gateway, Model Armor, and Observability — each used in production, not check-boxed. Cloud Run, Firestore, Cloud SQL pgvector, and Pub/Sub form the event-driven substrate. Gemma, Veo, and Lyria each contribute distinct value." Section 4 — The Results: "DenialDefender's 90-second wow moment demonstrates that GEAP is production-grade. The Outcome Learning Agent's visible weight-delta signal demonstrates that self-evolving agents work in practice. The deterministic fallback path demonstrates that agentic systems can be made demo-reliable." This case study is a Google marketing asset — DenialDefender's job is to be the kind of project Google would want to write this case study about.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786816568681_839bc148e8c7.txt:225:   225→The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786816568681_839bc148e8c7.txt:995:   995→Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786816568681_839bc148e8c7.txt:1230:  1230→DenialDefender is an event-driven multi-agent system deployed entirely on Google Cloud. The architecture has six logical tiers: (1) frontend (Next.js PWA + Firebase Hosting), (2) API gateway (Cloud Run service exposing REST + WebSocket), (3) agent orchestration (ADK 2.0 on Cloud Run, with all 8 agents registered in GEAP Agent Registry and running on GEAP Agent Runtime), (4) memory tier (Firestore for session/case state, Cloud SQL pgvector for payer policy + outcome embeddings, GEAP Memory Bank for cross-session procedural memory), (5) event bus (Pub/Sub topics for inter-agent events and deadline triggers), (6) governance tier (GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent credentials, Agent Gateway for egress policy, Model Armor for prompt-injection and PII filtering, Agent Observability for OpenTelemetry traces feeding the reasoning-trace UI).
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786816568681_839bc148e8c7.txt:1726:  1726→  - GEAP Agent Registry: all 8 agents registered, discoverable
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786813977537_839bc148e8c7.txt:225:   225→The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786813977537_839bc148e8c7.txt:995:   995→Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786813977537_839bc148e8c7.txt:1230:  1230→DenialDefender is an event-driven multi-agent system deployed entirely on Google Cloud. The architecture has six logical tiers: (1) frontend (Next.js PWA + Firebase Hosting), (2) API gateway (Cloud Run service exposing REST + WebSocket), (3) agent orchestration (ADK 2.0 on Cloud Run, with all 8 agents registered in GEAP Agent Registry and running on GEAP Agent Runtime), (4) memory tier (Firestore for session/case state, Cloud SQL pgvector for payer policy + outcome embeddings, GEAP Memory Bank for cross-session procedural memory), (5) event bus (Pub/Sub topics for inter-agent events and deadline triggers), (6) governance tier (GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent credentials, Agent Gateway for egress policy, Model Armor for prompt-injection and PII filtering, Agent Observability for OpenTelemetry traces feeding the reasoning-trace UI).
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786813977537_839bc148e8c7.txt:1726:  1726→  - GEAP Agent Registry: all 8 agents registered, discoverable
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786736582343_f7ba09c7296b.txt:141:   141→The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786736582343_f7ba09c7296b.txt:889:   889→Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786736582343_f7ba09c7296b.txt:1321:  1321→DenialDefender is an event-driven multi-agent system deployed entirely on Google Cloud. The architecture has six logical tiers: (1) frontend (Next.js PWA + Firebase Hosting), (2) API gateway (Cloud Run service exposing REST + WebSocket), (3) agent orchestration (ADK 2.0 on Cloud Run, with all 8 agents registered in GEAP Agent Registry and running on GEAP Agent Runtime), (4) memory tier (Firestore for session/case state, Cloud SQL pgvector for payer policy + outcome embeddings, GEAP Memory Bank for cross-session procedural memory), (5) event bus (Pub/Sub topics for inter-agent events and deadline triggers), (6) governance tier (GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent credentials, Agent Gateway for egress policy, Model Armor for prompt-injection and PII filtering, Agent Observability for OpenTelemetry traces feeding the reasoning-trace UI).
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786736582343_f7ba09c7296b.txt:1849:  1849→  - GEAP Agent Registry: all 8 agents registered, discoverable
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786673846406_eda3d97dbdd6.txt:9:Line 994: Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786673846406_eda3d97dbdd6.txt:25:Line 1229: DenialDefender is an event-driven multi-agent system deployed entirely on Google Cloud. The architecture has six logical tiers: (1) frontend (Next.js PWA + Firebase Hosting), (2) API gateway (Cloud Run service exposing REST + WebSocket), (3) agent orchestration (ADK 2.0 on Cloud Run, with all 8 agents registered in GEAP Agent Registry and running on GEAP Agent Runtime), (4) memory tier (Firestore for session/case state, Cloud SQL pgvector for payer policy + outcome embeddings, GEAP Memory Bank for cross-session procedural memory), (5) event bus (Pub/Sub topics for inter-agent events and deadline triggers), (6) governance tier (GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent credentials, Agent Gateway for egress policy, Model Armor for prompt-injection and PII filtering, Agent Observability for OpenTelemetry traces feeding the reasoning-trace UI).
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/bash_1786673846406_eda3d97dbdd6.txt:148:Line 2651: A Google case study for DenialDefender would have four sections. Section 1 — The Problem: "1 in 7 insured Americans face medical claim denials annually; appeals require expertise patients and most billing specialists lack; the cost of inaction is billions in unpaid claims and delayed care." Section 2 — The Solution: "DenialDefender is an 8-agent fleet built on Google's Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform, deployed on Cloud Run with Firestore and Cloud SQL pgvector, that turns denial letters into citation-backed appeal letters in 90 seconds." Section 3 — The Google Stack: "Gemini 3.5 Flash powers multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning. ADK 2.0 orchestrates 8 agents with Sequential, Parallel, Loop, and Collaborative workflows. GEAP provides Agent Registry, Runtime, Memory Bank, Identity, Gateway, Model Armor, and Observability — each used in production, not check-boxed. Cloud Run, Firestore, Cloud SQL pgvector, and Pub/Sub form the event-driven substrate. Gemma, Veo, and Lyria each contribute distinct value." Section 4 — The Results: "DenialDefender's 90-second wow moment demonstrates that GEAP is production-grade. The Outcome Learning Agent's visible weight-delta signal demonstrates that self-evolving agents work in practice. The deterministic fallback path demonstrates that agentic systems can be made demo-reliable." This case study is a Google marketing asset — DenialDefender's job is to be the kind of project Google would want to write this case study about.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786750001483_839bc148e8c7.txt:225:   225→The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786750001483_839bc148e8c7.txt:995:   995→Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786750001483_839bc148e8c7.txt:1230:  1230→DenialDefender is an event-driven multi-agent system deployed entirely on Google Cloud. The architecture has six logical tiers: (1) frontend (Next.js PWA + Firebase Hosting), (2) API gateway (Cloud Run service exposing REST + WebSocket), (3) agent orchestration (ADK 2.0 on Cloud Run, with all 8 agents registered in GEAP Agent Registry and running on GEAP Agent Runtime), (4) memory tier (Firestore for session/case state, Cloud SQL pgvector for payer policy + outcome embeddings, GEAP Memory Bank for cross-session procedural memory), (5) event bus (Pub/Sub topics for inter-agent events and deadline triggers), (6) governance tier (GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent credentials, Agent Gateway for egress policy, Model Armor for prompt-injection and PII filtering, Agent Observability for OpenTelemetry traces feeding the reasoning-trace UI).
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786750001483_839bc148e8c7.txt:1726:  1726→  - GEAP Agent Registry: all 8 agents registered, discoverable
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/grep_1786736591946_e3579c50c64d.txt:8:141:The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/grep_1786736591946_e3579c50c64d.txt:24:889:Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/grep_1786736591946_e3579c50c64d.txt:95:2849:A Google case study for DenialDefender would have four sections. Section 1 — The Problem: "1 in 7 insured Americans face medical claim denials annually; appeals require expertise patients and most billing specialists lack; the cost of inaction is billions in unpaid claims and delayed care." Section 2 — The Solution: "DenialDefender is an 8-agent fleet built on Google's Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform, deployed on Cloud Run with Firestore and Cloud SQL pgvector, that turns denial letters into citation-backed appeal letters in 90 seconds." Section 3 — The Google Stack: "Gemini 3.5 Flash powers multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning. ADK 2.0 orchestrates 8 agents with Sequential, Parallel, Loop, and Collaborative workflows. GEAP provides Agent Registry, Runtime, Memory Bank, Identity, Gateway, Model Armor, and Observability — each used in production, not check-boxed. Cloud Run, Firestore, Cloud SQL pgvector, and Pub/Sub form the event-driven substrate. Gemma, Veo, and Lyria each contribute distinct value." Section 4 — The Results: "DenialDefender's 90-second wow moment demonstrates that GEAP is production-grade. The Outcome Learning Agent's visible weight-delta signal demonstrates that self-evolving agents work in practice. The deterministic fallback path demonstrates that agentic systems can be made demo-reliable." This case study is a Google marketing asset — DenialDefender's job is to be the kind of project Google would want to write this case study about.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786764927703_839bc148e8c7.txt:225:   225→The hackathon is explicitly described as the companion contest to GEAR (Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready), a free skilling program launched 2026-08-06 with 12 skill badges on skills.google [A-5]. GEAR's existence and timing — launched 7 days before the hackathon opens — confirms that the hackathon is the practicum for a deliberate skilling → certification → adoption funnel. The Fortified Enterprise Fleet track's recommended sub-components are the 7 GEAP components (Agent Registry, Agent Runtime, Memory Bank, Agent Identity, Agent Gateway, Model Armor, Agent Observability) [A-7], and the FAQ states that deploying on the Agent Platform earns bonus points [A-8]. The four live workshops (Aug 11 Multi-Agent Teams, Aug 13 Long-Running Agents, Aug 20 Self-Evolving Agents, Aug 27 Agent Memory) all feature ADK 2.0 [A-5] — STRATEGIC HYPOTHESIS: ADK 2.0 is the framework Google is most invested in, and judges will reward ADK adoption more than the other three framework options. Rules §12 grants Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, create derivative works from, and publicly display all Submissions for promotion [A-2] — VERIFIED FACT that winners' projects become Google marketing assets. The "Virtual Coffee with Google team member" prize and the Startup Excellence prize (corporate-email-gated) signal talent and startup identification [A-1].
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786764927703_839bc148e8c7.txt:995:   995→Google's strategic narrative — "agentic Gemini era" / "from chatbots to agents" [B-3] — is exactly the transition DenialDefender embodies: from a chatbot that suggests appeal language to an autonomous fleet that parses, retrieves, assembles, drafts, validates, tracks, and learns. Every mandated Google product is used deeply, not check-boxed: Gemini 3.5 Flash for multimodal denial parsing and long-context policy reasoning; ADK 2.0 for 8-agent Collaborative workflow orchestration; Cloud Run for stateless worker agents; Firestore for real-time UI listeners on case state; Cloud SQL pgvector for payer-policy embeddings and appeal success pattern retrieval; Pub/Sub for deadline triggers and inter-agent events; GEAP Agent Registry for fleet discovery; GEAP Agent Runtime for long-running deadline tracking; GEAP Memory Bank for persistent evolving payer-policy knowledge; GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent scoped credentials; GEAP Agent Gateway for egress policy on payer portal access; GEAP Model Armor for PII filtering on medical records; GEAP Agent Observability for the reasoning-trace UI panel that wins the SurgAgent differentiator. The 3 bonus models — Gemma (fine-tuned for appeal-letter tone matching per payer), Veo (patient explainer video for complex appeals), Lyria (calming audio for anxious patients waiting on appeal outcomes) — each do a distinct real job, none is garnish.
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786764927703_839bc148e8c7.txt:1230:  1230→DenialDefender is an event-driven multi-agent system deployed entirely on Google Cloud. The architecture has six logical tiers: (1) frontend (Next.js PWA + Firebase Hosting), (2) API gateway (Cloud Run service exposing REST + WebSocket), (3) agent orchestration (ADK 2.0 on Cloud Run, with all 8 agents registered in GEAP Agent Registry and running on GEAP Agent Runtime), (4) memory tier (Firestore for session/case state, Cloud SQL pgvector for payer policy + outcome embeddings, GEAP Memory Bank for cross-session procedural memory), (5) event bus (Pub/Sub topics for inter-agent events and deadline triggers), (6) governance tier (GEAP Agent Identity for per-agent credentials, Agent Gateway for egress policy, Model Armor for prompt-injection and PII filtering, Agent Observability for OpenTelemetry traces feeding the reasoning-trace UI).
/home/z/my-project/tool-results/read_1786764927703_839bc148e8c7.txt:1726:  1726→  - GEAP Agent Registry: all 8 agents registered, discoverable